website: doc: fmt: specify "no flag" action (#33566)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/cli/commands/fmt.mdx

file. If you provide a single dash (`-`), then `fmt` will read from standard
input (STDIN).

> The command-line flags are all optional. If no flag is given, `fmt` will rewrite

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command-line flags are all optional. If no flag is given, `fmt` rewrites
```
Per our style guide, use present tense.
